Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Introduction ---
Embarking on the journey to homeownership is an exciting endeavour, and Bank of Maharashtra understands that every homeowner’s journey is special. Explore the diverse range of home loan products tailored to suit different needs, from first-time buyers to those looking to refinance or renovation. With customised home loan products, competitive interest rates and a commitment to transparency, Mahabank stands as a reliable partner in turning your homeownership dreams into reality.

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme Choose Bank of Maharashtra and step confidently into a future filled with joy of owning your dream home!

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Interest Rate Box ---
Interest Rate: 7.35 %P.A*

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Loan Types ---
1. Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme for Construction/Acquiring
2. Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme for Purchase of Plot and Construction thereon
3. Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme for repairs/ renovation/alteration of existing house/flat

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Features & Benefits ---
- Low EMI
- Higher Loan Amount
- Track my Loan
- Approved Projects
- Simplified Disbursement
- Low Processing Fee
- No Hidden Charges
- No Prepayment Penalty
* 0.05% concession to women and defence personal.
* Maximum Tenure up to 30 Years / up to 75 years of age.
* No Pre-Payment / Pre-closure / Part payment Charges.
* Concession in ROI for Housing Loan borrower in Car Loan & Education Loan.
* Bank of Maharashtra Offers Lowest Interest Rate on Home Loan in India

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Documents Required ---
- Application form duly complete and signed.
- Two Passport Size Photographs.
- Proof of Identification : (any one)
Election ID Card
Pan Card
Aadhar Card
Driving License
Photo Identity card issued by the current Employer
Passport
- Proof of Residence : (any one)
Electricity Bill
Election ID Card
Telephone Bill (Landline)
Aadhar Card
Driving License
Photo Identity card issued by the current Employer
Passport
- For Salaried Persons
Original/Certified copy of the latest salary slips for the past 3 months
Copies of IT returns of last 2 years duly acknowledged by IT Dept/IT assessment orders or Form 16 for last 2 years from the Employer.
Undertaking from employer for remittance of monthly installment, wherever feasible.
Bank Account (Salaried Account) statement for the last 6 months (in case of other Bank)
- For Non-Salaried Class /Businessman /Professional
Latest 3 years of IT returns (2 years in case of Professionals) including computation of income, profit and Loss Account, Balance sheet, Audit Report etc.
Shop Establishment Act
Tax Registration Copy
Company Registration License
Bank statement for past one year
- Guarantor forms along with net worth proof /income proof (if applicable)
- Guarantor’s IT return along with KYC documents as mentioned in point 3 & 4
- In case of Takeover(Refinance):
Loan Outstanding statement as on date
Loan account statement for last 12 months
Documents Acknowledgement Receipt from Bank
- Property Documents:
Receipts for payments made for purchase of the residential unit
Copy of approved drawings of proposed construction/purchase
Permission from competent authority for construction of flat/house
Permission from competent authority under Urban Land ceiling & Regulation Act 1976
Agreement of Sale/Sale Deed/Detailed cost estimate from Regd.Architect/Engineer for the property to be constructed.
Allotment letter from the Builder/Co-operative Society/Development Authorities/Association of apartment owners etc.
Other documents depending upon:
Property to be purchased directly from Builder (Ready/Under-construction)
Property belonging to a Registered Co-operative Housing Society
Purchase in resale.
Direct sale by any Development authority
Construction of house on separate plot of land.
- Additional Documents for NRIs
Copy of employment Contract (if the contract is in any language other than English, the same has to be translated into English and attested by Employer /Indian Embassy)
Copy of Identity Card issued by the current Employer
Continuous Discharge certificate, if applicable
Copy of latest work permit
Copy of Visa stamped on the passport
NRE Bank account passbook or statement of account
Overseas Bank account statements for last 6 months in which salary is credited
A Salary certificate/income statement duly attested by out foreign office including subsidiary office/certified by the competent authority available in the country may be produced. This may also include Chartered /Certified Accountants, Officials of Inland Revenue dept.(similar to Income Tax Authorities in India) or any other agency specified for the purpose. Where ever attestation is not possible, this may be submitted duly notarized.
- Additional Documents for PIOs
A photocopy of PIO card or any of the under noted documents:-
Current Passport indicating birth place of India/Abroad
Indian Passport, if held earlier
Parents or grandparents passport with details there in substantiating his claim of being PIO.

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Interest Rates ---
Housing Loan Interest Rate: 7.35 %P.A*

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- EMI Calculator ---
Monthly Payment (EMI): Rs. 1997
Total Interest: Rs. 19800
Total Repayment: Rs. 119800

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- Eligibility ---
How will Bank of Maharashtra decide the home loan amount i am eligible for?

Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme --- How to Apply ---
Follow the step by step instructions to avail digital loan facility from our bank.

