--- Mahabank Green Financing Scheme Page ---
Title: Green loans - Apply now to avail green loans - Mahabank
URL: https://bankofmaharashtra.in/mahabank-green-financing-scheme

--- Mahabank Green Financing Scheme ---
Green banking is a category of banking practices considering all the social and ecological factors with an aim to defend the environment and preserve natural resources. It is also called as ethical banking or sustainable banking.
Seeing the importance of this across the globe, Bank has introduced Schemes namely 'Mahabank Green Financing Scheme', which includes following products for Retail borrowers.

--- Mahabank Green Financing Scheme Types ---
1. Maha Super Green Housing Loan Scheme
- Green Building
Know More: /maha-super-green-housing-loan-scheme-green-building
2. Maha Super Green Car Loan Scheme
- Electric Car
Know More: /maha-super-green-car-loan-scheme-electric-car

--- Details for: https://bankofmaharashtra.in/maha-super-green-housing-loan-scheme-green-building ---

--- Maha Super Green Housing Loan Scheme- Green Building ---
Green Building is the practice of increasing the efficiency of buildings and their use of energy, water and materials and reducing building impacts on human health and environment, through better site location, design, construction, operation, maintenance and removal - the complete building life cycle. An effective Green Building can lead to:
1. Reduced operating costs by increasing productivity and using less energy and water.
2. Improved public and occupant health due to improved indoor air quality.
3. Reduced environmental impacts.

--- Key Features ---
- No processing fees Under scheme
- Concession of 0.10 % in the applicable ROI of Maha Super Housing Loan scheme subject to minimum floor Rate.
- Quick Sanction to approved Green Projects

S. No.: 1
Particulars: Nature of facility
Scheme Guidelines: Term Loan

S. No.: 2
Particulars: Name of the scheme
Scheme Guidelines: Maha Super Green Housing Loan Scheme

S.No: 3  
Particulars: Eligible Projects  
Scheme guidelines: Housing Project should be certified / rated from following approved Rating agencies  

LEED Certification (LEED India):  
 - LEED® Certified  
 - Silver Level  
 - Gold Level  
 - Platinum Level  

India Green Building Council (IGBC):  
 - Certified - Best practices  
 - Silver - Outstanding Performance  
 - Gold - National Excellence  
 - Platinum - Global Leadership  

TERI-GRIHA (from TERI-BCSD India):  
 - 1 Star  
 - 2 Star  
 - 3 Star  
 - 4 Star  
 - 5 Star  

Note: Housing projects from other agencies can be considered if approved by the Municipal Corporation of the district authorized for granting certification of Green Projects.


S. No.: 4
Particulars: Scope of the Scheme
Scheme Guidelines: Maha Super Green Housing Loan Scheme covers all the Indian Citizens, Non Resident Indians (NRIs) and persons of Indian Origin (PIO) including staff members outside the staff loan scheme, ex- staff, & their family members subject to age & other eligibility criteria.

S. No.: 5
Particulars: Purpose
Scheme Guidelines: For Purchase of residential House (Flat, Villa, Row House etc) under construction /ready built directly from the builders/ developers/society/other agencies/Development authority in certified Green Housing Projects. Takeover of existing Housing Loan accounts of the applicants under standard category availed from other Banks / Housing Financial Institutions of certified Green Housing Projects.

S. No.: 6
Particulars: Eligibility
Scheme Guidelines: Individual salaried employees (with a permanent job for the period of minimum 1 year in current organization of State /Central Government / Public / Private Sector Companies of repute), Self-Employed Professionals, Businessman. Farmers having  land holding  of irrigated land and sufficient disposable income.

S.No: 7  
Particulars: Margin & LTV norms  
Scheme guidelines: Loan to Value (LTV) ratio as per loan category  

Loan Category: Above Rs.30.00 Lakh and up to Rs.75.00 Lakhs  
LTV Ratio: 90%

Loan Category: Above Rs.30.00 Lakhs*  
LTV Ratio: 80%

Loan Category: Above Rs.75.00 Lakhs*  
LTV Ratio: 75%

S. No.: 8
Particulars: Repayment
Scheme Guidelines: Maximum Repayment period of 30 years or on borrower reaching the age of 75 years whichever is earlier

S. No.: 9
Particulars: Deduction Norms
Scheme Guidelines: For Salaried individuals.  Up to 80% based on latest Gross monthly income  For Non-Salaried Individuals  Up to 80% based on average annual income

S. No.: 10
Particulars: Rate of Interest
Scheme Guidelines: Concession of 0.10% in applicable ROI in regular Maha Super Housing Loan scheme.

S. No.: 11
Particulars: Processing Fee
Scheme Guidelines: Nil

Calculate EMI: /homeloan-emi-calculator
Apply Now: //digileads.bankofmaharashtra.in/homeloan?bom

--- Details for: https://bankofmaharashtra.in/maha-super-green-car-loan-scheme-electric-car ---

--- Maha Super Green Car Loan Scheme - Electric Car ---
Electric vehicles are now becoming popular amongst the users under personal segment. Also it is the need of the hour to curb the growing menace of rising pollution level and global warming. There are a number of great benefits to electric vehicles (EVs) over conventional petrol/ diesel cars such as: 
- Cheaper to run (Low fuel costs).
- Better for the environment: Eco-friendly
- Health benefits
- Safety improvements
- Our energy security

Features:
- Maximum Funding upto 100% of On road price
- No Processing Charges
- 0.25 % Concession in ROI from Existing Maha Super Car Loan scheme.
- Finance available to corporate clients (Firms/Companies).
- Interest charged on daily reducing Balance.
- No Pre-Payment / Pre-closure / Part payment Charges.
- Quick turnaround time.


S. No.: 1
Particulars: Purpose
Scheme Guidelines: For purchase of new Electric Passenger cars, Multi Utility Vehicles (MUVs) and Sports Utility Vehicles (SUVs) etc. for personal use. (i.e. not for hiring/ferrying passengers)

S. No.: 2
Particulars: Eligibility
Scheme Guidelines: Eligible entities:  Resident Indian citizen Non-Resident Indians (NRls) or Persons of Indian origin (PIOs) Corporate (Public Ltd Co / Private Ltd Co etc.)/ (Firms i.e. Sole Proprietorship firm/ Partnership/LLP/Trust/Society etc

S. No.: 3
Particulars: Eligible Quantum of Loan
Scheme Guidelines: Maximum loan amount will be assessed based on the permissible Deduction norms  Maximum Loan Limit  Individual – Rs 500.00 Lakh. Non Individual – Rs 1000.00 Lakh

S.No: 4  
Particulars: Minimum Annual Income  
Scheme guidelines: Minimum gross income required based on occupation type  

Type of Occupation: For Salaried / Pensioners  
Minimum Gross Income: Minimum monthly income / Pension of Rs.25000/- and above

Type of Occupation: For Self Employed Professionals  
Minimum Gross Income: Rs.3.00 lakh (last year income) – Minimum past 2 year ITR with supporting documents are mandatory

Type of Occupation: Businessman / Agriculturist  
Minimum Gross Income: Rs.4.00 lakh (last year income) – Minimum past 2 year ITR with supporting documents are mandatory

Type of Occupation: Corporate (Public Ltd Co / Private Ltd Co etc.) / Firms (Sole Proprietorship/Partnership/LLP/Trust/Society)  
Eligibility Criteria:  
 - Minimum Tangible Net Worth (TNW) at least 5 times of requested Loan amount  
 - Companies / Firm rating CMR 1 to CMR 5 or External Rating BBB and above

S. No.: 5
Particulars: Margin
Scheme Guidelines: A) For existing Housing Loan Borrowers: NIL Margin On Road price of Vehicle  B) For Others - Minimum 10% of On Road price of Vehicle  On Road price shall include Ex Show Room Price, Road Tax, Cost of Registration and Insurance (One Year or Three Years), excluding cost of accessories

S. No.: 6
Particulars: Repayment period
Scheme Guidelines: Max. 84 Months

S. No.: 7
Particulars: Rate of Interest
Scheme Guidelines: Click here

S. No.: 8
Particulars: Deduction
Scheme Guidelines: Salaried - Up to 80% of gross monthly Income  Non Salaried - Up to 80% of gross Average Annual Income

S. No.: 9
Particulars: Security
Scheme Guidelines: Hypothecation Of Vehicle purchased.

S. No.: 10
Particulars: Processing Fee
Scheme Guidelines: Nil

Calculate EMI: /carloan-emi-calculator
Apply Now: //digileads.bankofmaharashtra.in/carloan?bom
